ATD Handbook (#16)
mesg-foundation/handbook: token/README.md

[[toc]]

## Algorithmic Token Distribution

> The MESG Foundation will release the circulating supply of MESG Tokens via a system called Algorithmic Token Distribution (ATD) to increase stability and transparency.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MESG Foundation will release the total supply of MESG Tokens via a system called Algorithmic Token Distribution (ATD) to increase stability and transparency.
```

#### Supply limitations

> - Software is used to determine the daily real circulating volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Daily Traded Volume (DTV) is calculated from the aggregation of the last 24h traded volume of the major crosses against the MESG Token.
```

Author: "Major crosses"? What does this mean?

> - 0-6% of of the previous day's actual total traded volume (TDTV) will be released into circulating supply each day. The exact percentage fluctuates to maintian optimal market health and a minimum 20% supply for MESG Foundation reserves to align longterm incentives. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 0-6% of of the previous day's actual DTV will be released into circulating supply each day. The exact percentage fluctuates to maintain optimal market health.
```

Reviewer: I removed the part about the 20% of reserve. Should we add it back? If yes, I would like to also say that the 5% of partners and bounties are fully unlocked.

> - A smart contract is used to ensure that no more than 6% TDTV is released, including founder, advisor and whale investor payouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A smart contract is used to ensure that no more than 6% DTV is released, including the allocation for Sale, Team and Founders.
```

- Releasing MESG Tokens based on actual volume protects tokens in slow/bear markets by keeping released quantities low. More tokens will be released in faster markets. 

#### Disbursement details

> - Of the 0-6% TDTV released, 66.7% will be sold on exchanges at the current market price. The daily unsold tokens, in addition to the remaining 33.3%, will be made available to to the MESG Foundation for direct token distribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Of the 0-6% DTV released, 66.7% will be sold on exchanges at the current market price. The daily unsold tokens, in addition to the remaining 33.3%, will be made available to to the MESG Foundation for direct token distribution.
```

- For recurring token payouts, the MESG/USD exchange rate will be calculated from the rate at 13:00 (UTC+7) on the first day of the given month from the aggregated exchange rate.
- For non-recurring payouts made before 13:00 (UTC+7) on a given day, the rate will be calculated from the previous day’s aggregated exchange rate at 13:00 (UTC+7).
- For non-recurring payouts made after 13:00 (UTC+7), the aggregated exchange rate at 13:00 (UTC+7) from the same day will be used.

#### Transparency standards

> - The [ATD Dashboard]( https://atd.mesg.com/) is used to promote transparency within the MESG Community. It displays token quanitities within various wallets, in addition to rates of token dispersment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [ATD Dashboard](https://atd.mesg.com/) is used to promote transparency within the MESG Community. It displays token quantities within various wallets, in addition to rates of token dispersment. 
```

Reviewer: Is "dispersment" really a word?

Author: haha yes it is. I just spelled it wrong. It's "disbursement"

> - Statistics on MESG's ATD Dashboard can be compared against public records such as Etherscan to boost trustworthiness and transparency with the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Statistics on MESG's ATD Dashboard can be compared against public records such as CoinMarketCap to boost trustworthiness and transparency with the community.
```
